# Vandy Hacks Summer Edition 7/10/20-7/12/20: ShopWhole
ShopWhole is a digital marketplace platform that gives individual students the ability to buy goods at wholesale prices. On our website, we offer various products that can be ordered by customers. We, ShopWhole, are ordering these products in bulk quantities straight manufacturers. The unique aspects of our site are that orders are pooled together with other students so we can receive discounted bulk pricing, but the price for the product is constant to the customers and orders are guaranteed to ship. There is no requirement for to consumers to purchase large orders, and the price of the order doesn't vary with the number of orders from other customers. Rather, the consumer prices, which are notably cheaper than retail prices, are determined by our optimization algorithm. Our algorithm develops predictions for the expected number of products purchased at a given price, compares those values with the wholesale price offers, and then finds the optimal listing price. The algorithm updates with every delivery made, constantly learning more about the students’ purchasing patterns and maximizing the discounts we can offer. Our site acts similarly to insurance, as the consumers are not affected by the somewhat random behavior of other consumers. Instead, we assume the risk if not enough people place an order, to ensure that our customers have guaranteed low prices that they can count on. 
A test of the algorithm is available in Backend and would be actually implemented once products are ready to be sold. The files for the UI are in boga-project, along with neccesary companion files in vehnv. 

Created by: Alex Douglas, Vinay Konuru, Angela Li, and Aidan Persaud
